Add info about narrative cv (#4301)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/personal.md

> (cm-personal)=

Reviewer: Did you check for any references to the labels that have been updated to make sure links aren't broken?

Reviewer: I would use `grep` or `ripgrep`, and `sed` to update any links.

like,

`grep '#cm-personal-websites' **/*.md`
and
`sed -i 's/#cm-personal-websites/#cm-personal/g' **/*.md`

Author: I think there are no links other than the ones on the page itself!

The section contains examples and tips on how to write a narritive CV, and contains an overview of what type of research objects you can include in the CV. 

Both sections conclude with a list of additional resources.

(cm-personal-motivation)=
## Motivation and Background

It is important to advertise your research skills and output via various pathways.
Examples are a personal website or a narrative CV. 

A personal website is an online space where researchers can share their work and additional interests with a broad audience.
It can serve as a platform to present research findings, projects, talks, publications, CV or resume, and other professional information.
But this space is not necessarily limited to academic content; it can also be a place to share personal interests, hobbies, and other activities.
As a result, this website can be customised to express the individual's unique identity and values.
This online presence can help researchers expand their visibility, engage with a wider audience, connect with potential collaborators, and even create new career opportunities.

> The narrative CV aims to reward a broader set of research-related activities beyond peer-reviewed publications, valuing diverse contributions and career paths in research. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The narrative CV aims to reward a broader set of research-related activities beyond peer-reviewed publications.
It values diverse contributions and career paths in research. 
```

This will lead to more inclusion and diversity in research, as well as encouraging a more responsible manner of using metrics.

> It also allows researchers to place focus on activities that they value, instead of being limited by a restricted amount of criteria.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also allows researchers to place focus on activities that they value, instead of being limited by a restricted amount of criteria.
```

Removing a blank line at the end of the file.

(cm-personal-summary)=
## Summary

This chapter explores the importance and benefits of communicating your skills and your research via various pathways, including a personal website and a narrative or evidenced-based CV.

The section on personal websites provides a general structure with common components and content suggestions for developing personal websites.
Then, coding and non-coding website generators with different levels of complexity are discussed, explaining their features and differences.
Several deployment options and maintenance strategies are also presented, helping researchers to choose the best solution for their needs.

The section on narrative or evidenced-based CVs explains what these CVs are, why they are currently used in research evaluation, and how you can start with writing one. 
The section contains examples and tips on how to write a narritive CV, and contains an overview of what type of research objects you can include in the CV. 

Both sections conclude with a list of additional resources.

(cm-personal-motivation)=
## Motivation and Background

> It is important to advertise your research skills and output via various pathways.

Author: I added a bit about the why - I think later on we may be able to add business cards or conference posters as well as a way to promote things, so I think I won't add the web dependent part!
